Is there anything else to say?
i
Even if he drew it
It doesn't prove it's his
He couldn't have peeked at the new century map
This piece is from beginning to end.
I can write down all the details
So what?
Maybe you've already been in danger
I declare
Disqualification from duty
Although Mr. Qi, is it possible to participate?
The Royal Bay Project
Su Ran is my assistant
I have the final say whether I can participate or not
Sun Jie, can you help me restore the truth of the matter?
I'm already very happy.
Stop talking.
Mr. Sun, our company still has a meeting
No delivery, feel free to contact me if you have anything.
I will search for designer Sun.
Remember
Stop
No hello
Where is the good rule?
Mr. Ji, I was wrong.
Sorry.
Here are the minutes of today's meeting in front of you
If there's nothing else, I'll get off work first, wait a minute.
What happened again?
you
What does it have to do with Sun Jian?
He speaks for you